Week2:

31 Jul  Tue 2-4 

The aim of week2 is to select our project topic. Then brainstorming the themes or design ideas our focus as much as possible and choose some more reasonable one for application. We have discussed these three topics. For our final decision of the topic, we want to choose topic3. This is because we are all familiar with the skills related to this topic. And we would like to make it greater to create some new function as innovation from our knowledge. For the first two topics, it is hard for us to control the theory. We have already understand some knowledge related to first two topic. However, we think we can not do well in them. So finally we choose topic 3.

1 Aug  Wed 2-4

Group meeting: discussing our topic and brainstorming.


Week3:

7 Aug  Tue 2-4

In week3, we have done the proposal finished in lab. Because we were choosing topic 3, we have to come up with some change idea for a more innovative web than Airbnb. In this section, I have come up with two great ideas. One is to create a traveller evaluation system. Why do we create this? Airbnb do have a rate system for traveller comment for every landlord, even they have the comment posted in follows. The ideas is from the extension of this. We would like to build a function that we can help landlord like this. This comment system previously is to let traveller know how good are the landlords or their property. However, this should have a system that let landlords know how good are the traveller. Therefore, landlord can have a choice that whether or not want to accept this client to live their house. This can reduce the conflict because of a bad traveller. Also, because of a more benefit for landlord, it will attract more people to become a landlord and trust our platform. Finally our website design can be successfully running.

The second idea is from the recommendation part. We would like to use AI technology to better struct our recommendation part. We collect client detail of every choice, such as what type of house they choose like classic, high price, etc. These can be some tags that client set initially. In AI, we want to create a function that can predict some houses that clients like when they have already chosen a region. It is according to the tag and history they choose in the past. This idea would be a effort that we will face on. It is a really good idea for my points of views.

Week4:
This week we are doing the construction of admin system and database system. We are using django to build our framework. We are doing our framework based on the idea of MVT. Models connected to the link to database. View to the link of webpage. Also, the database we have design by google doc firstly in text form. Then I translate to code written in the models. Finally I test the database. It can be successfully used.

Week5:
In this week, our back have completed the database and built up the administration. Now our admin can operate database in admin system. We also do the function for sql query. Helping front can search for data. We are going to build up our logout from back part function. and some functions will be constructed later.

Week6:
In this week, I have done the encryption and public detail view page back operation. Let it can successfully grep data from database to the front page filling up the blank. Also review rates now can change by updating the page.

Week7:
In this week, I have done the landlord add house, edit profile and landlord add picture house back operation, which allows the information from page save to the database. Picture  download a little bit different, stage one it only can achieve the function of upload multiple pics to database. In the following, I will set that achieve preview pics.

Week8:
In this week, I have done the back part of manage house and landlord history part also its add comment. Saving the info. To database. And display info. of houses in landlord manage house part to show what they gets. Also history allow landlord to see who book their houses and then add comment.

Week9:
In this week, I have done the tenant history part and add comment. It allows tenant to see what they book in record. And also they can add comment to these houses. Finally I fix some bugs made in this two weeks.

Week10:
In this week, I built our recommendation part for recommending house related to users' booking history, displayed at the bottom of display page. This learning model I have used KNN for machine learning the result for recommendation. I have added three Classes, New high price house, old low price house and old high price house. These are affected by 3 features high/low price, new/old and if completed in offer. It finally has done successfully in our site.

Week11:
In this week, I have fix some bug in our website. this bugs make page down. Also I design the our cover page, which makes our cover more vivid. And history info page I have add future record. Finally  I have do some back work for user post for house. 